1.Understand engine and platform technical constraints
Because all the visual effects is based on the engine and platform, so I think I must understand our engine and platform.
If I can understand the engine and platform technical constraints fully.I can give the better tech support.We can improve our visual effects.

2.Explain what are the most motivating and the least motivating missions of your current job.

3 Intern of mission or project，what do you want to start/keep/stop doing in your job next year to have greater impact.
I want to start learn the latest tech:machine learning,deep learning,for example.Maybe,the latest tech can help us give the tech validation very quickly.
I want to keep working together with the everyone from our team and giving the better tech support.
I want to stop doing the tech validation manually.Maybe I can adding much more scripts for our project.

4.How do you see yourself grow in your job? And at our company.
First of all, I am honored to be a member of ubisoft.
I got lot of knowledge from the project.
From the different tools, I've learned to open my mind to new ideas.

5.Ability to take initiative.
As a tech artist,I must renew my knowledge at any moment. The latest tech can push our game to the highest visual effects.

6.Friendly work environment.
I think the friendly work environment is very import for everyone.The friendly work environment make us work very well.

7.Good work life balance.
I'm married,I want to pay some attention for my family.so I must keep the balance between the good work and life。

8.What is one thing my manager could help doing as a manager? What is one thing my manager could differently as a manager?
I got a lot of knowledge from my manager,my manager always help me open my mind,I can work very efficiently.


achieve consistently
Try to provide tech support as much as I can.
Always need to sync tech knowledge from leader studio and some latest summit.
Helping our artist to understand the knowledge about the current project as soon as possible.
---
I won't change my goal for adding some script for our project.
I provided the tech support for all team.
I can understand the latest tech very quickly.I usually give the tech training after i receive the latest tech document.
I coded some scripts based on the leader studio's pipeline.Those scripts can help our artist give the tech validation very quickly.
I'll add more art validation script in ucheck. This can help artists and vendors give the tech validation very quickly.


collaborate constructively
collaborate productively
Keep a good communication with our artist and leader studio.
Sharing your good idea and knowlege with your colleagues.
Add a confluence page that can help your colleagues to understand your idea and knowlege.
---
I can do a good job with my colleagues.
I usually have a talk with my colleagues when I can't give an exact answer about some topic.
If we don't understand the feedback from leader studio,I'll send the detail email for asking some question.
I think the communication is the best way to solve the problem.


challenge yourself
To improve english skill as soon as possible.
Continually pay more attention on machine learning and some latest tech knowledge about game.
---
I improved my English skill very quickly.
I'll pay more attention on machine learning.I feel like machine learning can help us give more art validation automatically in the future.

bring a leadship mindset
Taking ownership for your every task. Try to do your every task as well as possible.
Leadership can help you to work efficientyly.
---
I think we must think ourself as a leader. I can push myself to work efficiently.


remain on top of your game in your job expertise
As a tech art, I need to always sync my knowledge from internet.
Try to get more knowledge about machine learning and other latest knowledge through our shader lynda account.
---
I always renew my knowledge.I can push my self get the latest tech knowledge from the Internet.
I'm studying machine learning through the udemy online.

general common

I learned a lot in the project.
I looked up a lot of documents,I got some idea from the documents.This can help me open up my mind.
I'll focus on the new tech in the future.I think the new tech can help us make the high quality video game.

performance snapshot
